Redesign Website (#14)
bytecodealliance/wasmtime.dev: index.md

then follow the on-screen instructions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Alternatively, you can download releases for all supported platforms from the
[Wasmtime GitHub page](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/releases).

</div>

</div>
</section>

<section class="section-tinted">
<div class="container w-container">

## Example

If you've got the [Rust compiler
installed](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) then you can take some Rust
source code:

```rust
fn main() {
    println!("Hello, world!");
}
```

and compile/run it with:

```sh
$ rustup target add wasm32-wasi
$ rustc hello.rs --target wasm32-wasi
$ wasmtime hello.wasm
Hello, world!
```

</div>
</section>

<section>
<div class="container w-container">

## Features

* **Fast**. Wasmtime is built on the optimizing [Cranelift] code generator to
  quickly generate high-quality machine code either at runtime or
  ahead-of-time. Wasmtime's runtime is also optimized for cases such as
  efficient instantiation, low-overhead transitions between the embedder and

>   wasm, and scalability of concurrent instances.

Reviewer: This sentence could maybe be simplified

```suggestion
  ahead-of-time. Wasmtime is optimized for efficient instantiation,
  low-overhead transitions between the embedder and
  wasm, and scalability of concurrent instances.
```

> * **[Secure]**. Wasmtime's development is strongly focused on the correctness of
>   its implementation with 24/7 fuzzing donated by [Google's OSS Fuzz],
>   leveraging Rust's API and runtime safety guarantees, careful design of
>   features and APIs through an [RFC process], a [security policy] in place
>   for when things go wrong, and a [release policy] for patching older versions
>   as well. We follow best practices for defense-in-depth and known
>   protections and mitigations for issues like Spectre. Finally, we're working

Reviewer: I'm finding this first sentence pretty tough to read. I would re-work it or break it up a bit. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
* **[Secure]**. Wasmtime's development is strongly focused on correctness and
  security. Building on top of Rust's runtime safety guarantees, each Wasmtime
  feature goes through careful review and consideration via an [RFC process]. Once
  features are designed and implemented, they undergo 24/7 fuzzing donated by
  [Google's OSS Fuzz]. As features stabilize they become part of a [release][release policy],
  and when things go wrong we have a well-defined [security policy] in place to quickly
  mitigate and patch any issues. We follow best practices for defense-in-depth and
  integrate protections and mitigations for issues like Spectre. Finally, we're working
```

  to push the state-of-the-art by collaborating with academic
  researchers to formally verify critical parts of Wasmtime and Cranelift.

> * **[Configurable]**. Wastime supports a rich set of APIs and build time
>   configuration to provide many options such as further means of restricting
>   WebAssembly beyond its basic guarantees such as its CPU and Memory
>   consumption. Wasmtime also runs in tiny environments all the way up to massive
>   servers with many concurrent instances.

Reviewer: The two "such as"s in the first sentence makes it a bit of a journey. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
* **[Configurable]**. Wasmtime uses sensible defaults, but can also be
  configured to provide more fine-grained control over things like CPU
  and memory consumption. Whether you want to run Wasmtime in a tiny
  environment or on massive servers with many concurrent instances,
  we've got you covered.
```

* **[.NET]** - the [`Wasmtime` NuGet package]
* **[Go]** - the [`wasmtime-go` repository]

[Rust]: https://bytecodealliance.github.io/wasmtime/lang-rust.html
[C]: https://bytecodealliance.github.io/wasmtime/examples-c-embed.html
[`wasmtime` crate]: https://crates.io/crates/wasmtime
[c-headers]: https://bytecodealliance.github.io/wasmtime/c-api/
[Python]: https://bytecodealliance.github.io/wasmtime/lang-python.html
[`wasmtime` PyPI package]: https://pypi.org/project/wasmtime/
[.NET]: https://bytecodealliance.github.io/wasmtime/lang-dotnet.html
[`Wasmtime` NuGet package]: https://www.nuget.org/packages/Wasmtime
[Go]: https://bytecodealliance.github.io/wasmtime/lang-go.html
[`wasmtime-go` repository]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime-go
[C++]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime-cpp
[`wasmtime` Conan package]: https://conan.io/center/wasmtime
[`wasmtime-cpp` Conan package]: https://conan.io/center/wasmtime-cpp

</div>
</section>

<section>
<div class="container w-container">

## Documentation

The [wasmtime guide][guide] is the best starting point to learn about what
Wasmtime can do for you or help answer your questions about Wasmtime. If you're

> curious in contributing to Wasmtime, [it can also help you do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interested in contributing to Wasmtime, [it can also help you do
```
